Minor updates to README, CONTRIBUTING, and RELEASE (#655)
tinacms/tinacms: README.md

  }
}
```

- Gatsby and React both rely on some globally-persisted values which can cause errors if you have multiple copies of these dependencies installed. When testing a Gatsby site, many issues can be worked around by temporarily deleting the `demo-gatsby` package and bootstrapping again.

## Release Process

Tina has two main branches:

- **master:** The bleeding edge of tinacms
- **latest:** The current stable release

The flow of changes therefore looks like:

> `fix-some-bug` => `master` => `latest`

This is a weekly process:

- On Monday `master` is merged into `latest` which is then published to npm.

> - Hot fixes are cherry picked onto `latest` and the published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hot fixes are cherry picked onto `latest` and then published.
```

- Prereleases are created off of `master` whenever they're needed.

With this process:

- critical fixes are published as soon as possible

> - new features and minor fixes take ~0.5 week to be published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- new features and minor fixes take ~4 days to be published
```

using fractions-of-a-week as a time interval feels a little funky. how do you feel about this?
